"id": remove_ventilation_cover

"text_variations":
Use metal shard on air duct, Use the metal shard on the air duct cover, Unscrew ventilation cover with metal shard, Remove ventilation cover bolts with metal shard,

"result":
"“I might be able to unscrew the **==ventilation cover==** with this dangerously sharp and uneven **==piece of metal==**.”"

**==SFX: unscrewing bolts==**

"You put your hands to work, trying to twist out the **==bolts==** partially welded in by rust and time. It’s anything but easy, not using a proper tool. It takes a while to loosen them up, but eventually, the **==bolts==** yield to your efforts. Like the lid of a Christmas present, you gently remove the **==ventilation grid==**."

"requirements": draft and item_metal_shard

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

"text_variations":
Use coin on air duct, Use the coin on the air duct cover, Unscrew ventilation cover with coin, Remove ventilation cover bolts with coin,

"result":
""This'll be tiresome.""

**==SFX: unscrewing bolts==**

"You take out the ==coin== you found earlier and use it to unscrew the four **==bolts==** holding the **==air duct cover==**. The **==coin==** isn't perfectly suited for this kind of work, but it does the job. You fiddle with the bolts for a good while, before you unscrew all of them."

""At least now we have - hopefully - an exit.""

"requirements": draft and item_metal_coin

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

"text_variations":

Use metal pipe on air duct, Use the pipe on the air duct cover, Unscrew ventilation cover with metal shard, Remove ventilation cover with pipe, Break air duct cover with pipe, Destroy the ventilation cover with pipe, Open ventilation cover with pipe, Bash the air duct cover with pipe, Swing pipe at ventilation cover,

"result":

"You take a few slow warm up swings and then a real one. **==SFX: crunching metallic hit==** The **==pipe==** broke through the **==air duct cover==** with a permeating crunch. You continue to wiggle and wedge the **==pipe==** wherever you can. Painfully bending and twisting the **==air duct cover==**, its groans echo down the shaft. Finally, the **==bolts==** holding it in place give way as you rip out the whole thing."

"requirements": 

draft and item_metal_pipe

[[Air duct bolts]]

[[Removed ventilation cover]]

[[2. Enter air duct]]


